Hello everyone, this is Tural Sadigov,
in this lecture we'll be talking about
Introduction to Time Series Analysis.
So objective of this lecture
is to define a time series and
get familiar with this package called,
astsa.
So time series is basically a data
set that's collected through time.
Now, since we are doing sampling
with adjacent points in time,
we naturally introduce a correlation into
the system which means the classical,
statistical inference might
not work in this setting.
Time series are all over the places.
We will be looking at time series
from economics and financial area.
We'll look at the physical time series,
marketing time series,
demographic time series and etc.
In the next lecture I will produce some
time thoughts of some specific time
series that's taken from
the package called astsa.
It's a package developed by Shumway and
Stoffer, and
it contains data sets and scripts.
And they use that package accompany to
their book called Time Series Analysis and
Its Application: With R Examples.
And I have also included the PDF,
the link to the PDF of
the documentation of this package.
So what we have learned in this lecture,
we have learned that the definition of
time series, which is basically
data collected through time.
In the next lectures,
upcoming lectures we will define
it slightly in a different way.
And we have learned
the package titled astsa.